---
layout: post
title: Private Conversations
---

So as I've gotten older I've started to become more and more concerned with privacy. I've had my credit card information stolen a few times and online accounts compromised and all this has led me to become a little more paranoid when it comes to my internet security and privacy. I've started using password managers so none of my passwords are ever the same. I've purchased a VPN service so my online traffic isn't tracked. I use Firefox addons that hide my activity and block ads and trackers, and I use [DuckDuckGo](https://duckduckgo.com) as my search engine of choice. I even went to the process of setting up a [Pi-Hole](www.pihole.net) to block all of the adds and trackers throughout my whole home network.

All of these things help me to be safer and more secure while browsing the internet at home. But what about while I'm out using my phone, or at a public place, or a friend's house? We spend a whole lot of time on our phones these days. Browsing the internet. Sending text messages. Posting Instagram photos. How secure are we while we are out and about? Luckily there have been pretty big advancements in online security on our mobile devices but I still don't believe it's perfect. And I am in no way saying that I am secure on my phone. Sure, I still use a password manager. I still have an ad blocker and Firefox for Android still allows me to use the plugins that block ads and trackers, so that's nice. But I still feel like there is more that can be done.

Now I know we live in an age of over sharing. The easiest thing we could do is to go completely off grid. Delete all of our social accounts. Downgrade to a "dumb-phone" or no phone at all. Basically stay completely off of the internet. But as someone who *really* likes tech that's kind of hard. I know that wanting to be completely secure and still remain online and in the tech world don't really go hand-in-hand but there are still a few steps we can take to make it a little better.

Back in the day I didn't really worry about my privacy online. I had a MySpace and a Facebook. I had a Tumblr blog. I talked on AIM. I used to share everything with anyone who would listen. Well, MySpace is all but dead. I've since deleted my Facebook, and my Tumblr blog is a ghost town. But I'm still online. I've started this blog which is still a bit personal, but at least this way I have more control over what is shared and with whom. 

Lately my main concern has been my text message privacy. Now, I have nothing to hide from anyone really. I'm no criminal or anything like that, but as an American I have a Constitutional right to privacy and it seems like every day that is being taken away more and more. I used to use Telegram as my messaging app. I liked that it was quick and seemingly secure until I realized that the conversations were not encrypted by default. I don't like that there is an extra step that needs to be taken to have an encrypted conversation so I have since ditched that platform. I then made the switch over to WhatsApp. Which I like. I like the interface. I like that conversations are encrypted by default. I like a lot of things about WhatsApp. What I don't like is that they are owned by Facebook. I company that is notorious for sketchy privacy policies. I want to be able to trust a company that is supposed to be giving me private, encrypted messaging, and with Facebook behind the wheel I just cant. 

So now I've switched over to [Signal](www.signal.org), the Open-Source private messaging app. What I like about Signal is that it's open-source. I like that it's encrypted by default (if talking with another Signal user). I like that it can also handle my standard SMS and MMS messages. I like that the co-founder of WhatsApp has helped to start the Signal Foundation. One problem is that not many people I know are using it. In fact the only other person I know using it is my wife and that's because I installed it on her phone. The problem I'm facing is that no one else that I talk to is as concerned with privacy as I am. No one else sees it as the big deal that I do. I really hope that one day more people will value their privacy. I hope more people my age start to see the huge problem that our nation is starting to face. We need to stop our government from taking away all of our freedoms. We need to make it illegal for companies online to sell our data to the highest bidder. But until then I'll keep trying to preach the importance of our freedoms and privacy. 

I'm sorry that this post was a bit more rambly and political-ish than my normal posts but it's something I've been thinking about a lot lately. I post things that I find important. I post my thoughts and feeling and I thought this was important enough to post about. Anyway, thanks for reading. I'll be back next week with another post. I have no idea what it'll be about.



*Currently Listening:* Pale Lights (This Will Destroy You Remix) - **This Patch of Sky**