---
layout: post
title: Dwellings
---
So I feel like living with my grandma has been pretty good as far as trying to be a minimalist. I haven’t really been able to acquire useless things because we literally don’t have room for them. My computer stuff has kind of taken over her living room though but that’s really the extent of my overflow. But lately I’ve been thinking of all of the things I want to get for the condo. It’s really hard being a huge tech buff and also trying to be a minimalist. I plan on getting a bunch of home automation things when we finally move. And with Google Home coming out soon it’s going to be more expensive. But I feel like in the end it will be worth it. It’ll be nice to save a little bit of money in the long run with a smart thermostat. It’ll be peace of mind to know 100% that my front door is locked. I already have a Phillips Hue kit so it’s not like I’ll be spending money on that. It’s not going to be super cheap at the beginning but I honestly feel like the investment will be worth it. My wife agrees. It may not be the most *”minimalist”* way of living but I’ll feel safer and it’ll be nice to have.

I’m mostly excited to be able to decorate my own home for once. My wife said that she wants to decorate in a minimalist/Scandinavian style. Hard lines, whites and grays. I’m really excited to do this with her. I’m excited to actually start *our* life. I mean, we are already married, but living with grandma doesn’t feel like home. It’s not our space. Having our own space will be nice. Decorating the way we want. Starting our own simple living experience. It’s going to be a lot of work still, but it’s going to be fun. 

Currently Listening: *Goodbye* - **Chris Walla**
