---
layout: post
title: Vacation
---
So over the holiday weekend, Shelby and I took a little vacation. We decided to drop what we were doing and drive to Chattanooga TN. It was a pretty spur of the moment trip and we didn’t really have much of a plan. So on Friday night, after a long day of work, we packed our bags and started the 9.5 hour drive from Detroit to Chattanooga.

I wanted to pack as little as possible considering my new found obsession with _minimalism_. So I packed just enough for our 3 day trip. 

		+ 3 pairs of underwear.
		+ 3 tee shirts
		+ 3 pairs of socks
		+ 1 pair of shorts
		+ 1 pair of jeans
		+ 1 nice shirt for having dinner with a family friend
		+ Toiletries (toothpaste and brush, deodorant, shampoo/conditioner/body wash)

I also ended up spending way too much money on snacks and drinks for the trip. A lot of the snacks never got eaten and for some reason we still stopped for food along the way.

I also brought my camera bag which had a ton in it.

		+ 1 Canon 5D (my camera)
		+ 1 Canon 7D (Shelby’s camera)
		+ 1 24-70mm f/2.8 (our main lens)
		+ 1 17-40mm f/4
		+ 1 Canon AE-1
		+ 1 28mm f/2.8
		+ 1 50mm f/1.4
		+ 2 rolls of color film
		+ My 13” MacBook Pro (“just in case”)
		+ Various cables and chargers

I probably could have left my 5D at home seeing as I only shot film the entire time but I honestly thought I was going to use it.

In hindsight I probably could have left the “dress shirt” at home too, seeing as I didn’t really need to dress up. I also spilled some Gatorade on one of my tee shirts and it would have been nice to have packed a 4th shirt because I didn’t have a convenient way of washing my clothes, and it was 90+ all weekend. 

Shelby on the other hand packed a whole suitcase. Now, in all fairness, she isn’t trying to become a minimalist so I’m not really upset with how much she packed.

One plus side of trying to become a minimalist is that I didn’t have the urge to bring home any souvenirs — we did end up coming home with one but it was for my mom.   

All in all it was a really good experience. We stayed away from the “touristy” things for the most part. We mostly just relaxed and explored the city. Went to some nice coffee shops and bars. Had the best burgers of our lives. Had some guy knock on our door at 1 a.m asking for help. You know, normal vacation stuff.

Now Playing:  _Alpha Waves_ - __Enemies__
