---
layout: post
title: New Home
---

So it’s been a long time since I’ve written anything. That’s because Shelby and I have been in the process of getting our new condo all settled and renovated. We have done a lot of work, painting, hanging shelves, changing out light fixtures, just making it feel like home. And I believe we are finally there, or at least close. It’s been a long and crazy journey. As soon as we moved in our stove broke. We just recently got a washer and dryer so we can finally do our laundry at home instead of going to Shelby’s mom’s house to do it. We still don’t have a stove but that’s okay. We have been learning to get by without it.

I’m also learning that I still have way more stuff than I need. I thought I was doing a pretty good job of getting rid of things, but apparently not. Although I don’t really feel overwhelmed or cluttered. I have a lot of computer stuff. That’s mainly what all my stuff is. I have a pretty large computer setup. It’s because I like to game, a lot. I’m a gamer, I’m a (very low key) streamer as well. I like having good computer equipment. That was one area where I wasn’t okay with downsizing. My desk setup is pretty large but it’s still pretty small compared to a lot of other streamers or insane setups I come across on /r/battlestations. Mine seems pretty modest in comparison. But I’m happy with the amount of computer stuff I have. I don’t feel like it is a burden. It gets used every single day. I write here, I game here, I edit here. I don’t feel like it is a bad thing.

And that’s what minimalism is really about right? Not feeling burdened by all of the things in life? All of the material things. Maybe I’m looking at it the wrong way, but I feel like minimalism is different for different people. What works for one person isn’t going to work for everyone. The way I look at is isn’t necessarily going to be the way you look at it. And that’s okay. That’s what I love about it. Maybe I’m doing everything wrong, but that’s okay. I never said I was a perfect minimalist. I said I was learning, just starting this journey. I’ve still got a very long way to go, and to be honest, I have no idea if I’ll ever make it to the end. This journey could go on until the day that I die and I’m okay with that.

Currently Listening: *In Separation and Isolation* - **Alaskan Tapes**
