---
layout: post
title: Hobbies
---

I don't think having hobbies is a bad thing. I have 3 very expensive hobbies but I wouldn't want to give them up because they are part of me. I don't believe that to be a minimalist you need to give up tour hobbies but I do believe you have to be conscious of those hobbies. 

My hobbies are photography, mechanical keyboards, and high quality audio. All of which are very expensive. I used to have a real problem. Spending hundreds of dollars on keyboard things every time o got paid. I was spending way too much on something that ultimately wasn't adding anything to my life. Yes, I really enjoy having those things but it was just costing me too much. I'm not saying that I sold everything. I'm not saying that I've given up on my hobbies, but I have cut back. I think before I purchase these things now. I talk it over with my wife. I'm conscious about my decisions and purchases instead if impulse buying anything I think looks cool. 

Don't give up your hobbies for the sake of minimalism. Don't sacrifice what makes you you just because you feel like that's what minimalism is, because it's not. Are you living a meaningful life with what you have? Do your hobbies make you happy? Just think about those things. Hobbies are good, but not if they become out of control. Nothing that is going to cause you debt is ever worth it. If you can't afford something, don't buy it. If you think you can afford it make sure that it's actually in the budget. Don't sacrifice something more important because you think you need something that is really a want. I'm learning all these things as I go and Shelby has been a huge blessing to me in this area. 

Currently Listening: *Home, Like NoPlace Is There* - **The Hotelier**
