---
layout: post
title: Conditions
---

So I have insomnia, that's nothing new. But I'm really starting to realize just how much all my different mental conditions affect each other. My anxiety causes my insomnia. My insomnia helps to cause my depression. My depression goes hand-in-hand with my anxiety. It's basically an unending circle of unhappiness. Yes I'm medicated. Yes I'm trying to help myself feel better. Yes I'm taking steps to better myself. But my lack of sleep really eats away at my mental health. So many nights I lye awake in bed just wishing that I'll fall asleep soon, and before I know it, 4 hours have gone by and I'm still staring at the ceiling or clenching my jaw with my eyes closed tight. That's another thing I've noticed. When I'm trying to sleep I'll clench my jaw as tight as possible. I have no idea why I do it but I just recently started noticing it. I digress. Not sleeping is not helping me. It needs to change. Period. 

The past few nights I've been going to bed around 9:30 pm. Which is awesome! Until I wake up 2 hours later and am wide awake. It makes no sense to me. You'd think that if I can fall asleep around 10 pm then I should be able to sleep through the night. Nope. Not me. My sleep apnea doesn't help either. The other night I woke up around 2 gasping for breath. I always freak out in these situations because I literally have no idea what to do. I'm terrified that I'm going to die one of these nights. After I woke up gasping I was too afraid to go right back to sleep and I was wide awake anyway. I ended up staying awake until around 6 am. It just seems like there are so many factors working against me to try and keep me from a good nights rest. One of the only things that helps me to fall asleep is music. I'm not sure why but I think it has something to do with giving my mind something to focus on other than my incoherent thoughts. I'm not sure, but it helps. I know that most of these blog posts are just me rambling on about the same exact things, but that's what I need right now. Somewhere to express my struggles. Maybe someone out there is in the same boat as me. Maybe reading this and knowing that they are not alone in the struggle is helping them. Who knows. Maybe the only person reading these posts is me. Either way, this is good for me. This is what I need. 



*Currently Listening:* Memory Trace - **Man Mountain**