---
layout: post
title: Insomnia
---



So here we are again, another sleepless night. It seems like no matter what I'm doing or what happens throughout the day I'm never able to sleep at night. I could wake up super early and I still wouldn't be able to sleep at night. It makes it hard for me to  want to do anything anymore. I just lay in bed angry that I'm awake or I sit up on my computer wasting time. I feel like I should be being more productive with the time that I have while I'm awake, but when it gets as late is it gets I really don't want to do anything. It's currently 5:00 am and I'm sitting at my dinging room table, on my laptop writing this. I honestly don't even know what to write about. I don't really have anything to say, I'm just trying to do something semi-productive with this time. It's also funny that I write anything at all because there is a very slim chance that anyone will read these entries anyway, but I do it more for me. To get my thoughts down. To be able to go back and see how or what I was feeling at a certain time in my life. 

Most of these entries end up just being the ramblings of a sleep deprived twenty-something year old. But isn't that what our insomnia is? The incoherent ramblings of our sleep deprived, over-stressed, unrested brains? I personally feel like my mind never stops racing, it's just all go. All day. Every day. I feel like my brain never gets any rest. Like I'm always thinking about something; but also about nothing. All the time. It never ends. It's also really hard to reply when someone asks me what I'm thinking. I never know how to answer because there is constantly so much going on in my head that it's almost impossible to focus on one thing. I think that's why I can never sleep. I think that I try to focus on one thing and I just end up moving from one thing to another. It's like I have AAD, but only in my mind.

Currently all I want to do is be in bed, but I find myself here, sitting in the dark at the dining room table; a million thoughts running rampant in my brain. I wish there was a way I could just shut it off. A way I could just have peace. Now insomnia is nothing new to me. I've struggled with it on and off since high school. But it's never been as bad as it's been these past few months. Maybe it's because I'm getting older? Maybe it's because my mental health isn't where it should be? Either way I really want it to stop. I really want to be able to rest. I want to be a normal person again. I want to contribute to my family. I don't want to be the wast of space that I currently feel like I am. I want to be something but I just feel like there are so many things against me right now. Maybe I should try and get some sleep. 

*Currently Listening:* Stairwell - **Seas of Years**